[2.7] Add deferrable config to the Deferrable operators guide (#2670)
astronomer/docs: learn/what-is-a-sensor.md

## Deferrable operators

> [Deferrable operators](deferrable-operators.md) (sometimes referred to as asynchronous operators) were released with Airflow 2.2 and are designed to eliminate the problem of any operator or sensor taking up a full worker slot for the entire time they are running. Many operators have a `deferrable` parameter which can be set to `True` to make the operator deferrable. For many sensors where this parameter is not available, deferrable versions exist in open source Airflow and in the [Astronomer Providers package](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers) (often having `Async` appended to the operator name). Astronomer recommends using these in most cases to reduce resource costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Deferrable operators](deferrable-operators.md) (sometimes referred to as asynchronous operators) were released with Airflow 2.2 and are designed to eliminate the problem of any operator or sensor taking up a full worker slot for the entire time they are running. Many operators have a `deferrable` parameter which can be set to `True` to make the operator deferrable. For the sensors where this parameter is not available, deferrable versions exist in open source Airflow and in the [Astronomer Providers package](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers). Astronomer recommends using these in most cases to reduce resource costs.
```

For DAG authors, using deferrable sensors is no different from using regular sensors. All you need is to do is run a `triggerer` process in Airflow and either:

> - Set the Airflow config `operators.default_deferrable` to `True` to set all sensors with a `deferrable` parameter to use deferrable mode by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the Airflow config `operators.default_deferrable` to `True` to set all sensors with a `deferrable` parameter to be deferrable by default.
```
